fix(rocsparse): Fix SpMM batching with COO atomic algorithm when batch count >65536 (#9958)
ROCm/rocm-libraries: projects/rocsparse/CHANGELOG.md

Documentation for rocSPARSE is available at
[https://rocm.docs.amd.com/projects/rocSPARSE/en/latest/](https://rocm.docs.amd.com/projects/rocSPARSE/en/latest/).

## (Unreleased) rocSPARSE 5.1.0

### Resolved issues

> * Fixed `rocsparse_spmm` with the atomic COO algorithm, which failed with `hipErrorInvalidConfiguration` for batch counts exceeding 65535 because the batch dimension of the kernel launch grid exceeded the maximum grid dimension.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Fixed the atomic COO algorithm in `rocsparse_spmm`, which failed with `hipErrorInvalidConfiguration` for batch counts greater than 65,535 because the kernel launch grid exceeded the maximum supported batch dimension.
```
